=head1 NAME

CODD Attribution Format (CAF)

=head1 VERSION

    $Revision: 1.1 $

=head1 SYNOPSIS

CODD Attribution Format is method for describing collaborative authorship
of a codebase.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

CAF is a way of explicitely specifying which author wrote what part of the
code (or text). A package that includes CAF attributions can be run
through CODD[1], a tool for generating and analysing statistical data of
collaborative authorship.

=head1 FORMAT

CAF specifies one declaration "Author::" that takes several parameters.
"Author::" declarations can be inside source files or in the file
AUTHORS.CODD. The scope of AUTHORS.CODD entries extends to all source
files in and under the subdirectories of the directory in which
AUTHORS.CODD resides. The scope can be limited by parameterizing
"Authors::" declarations.

=head1 Author:: 

=over 4

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>

When it appears in a source file, it indicates Alice is the primary author
of the file. When it appears in AUTHORS.CODD, it indicated Alice is the
primary author of the all files in the scope of AUTHORS.CODD. If there are
more than one Author:: declarations, the code is divided equally between
the authors. Email address is optional.

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>  (foo*.c, bar*.c)

This declaration, in AUTHORS.CODD, indicates, foo*.c and bar*.c was
written by Alice.

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>  (50%) 

This declaration, in AUTHOR.CODD or a source file, indicates Alice has
written 50% of the code.

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>  (500b) 

This declaration, in AUTHOR.CODD or a source file, indicates Alice has
written 500 bytes of code. Both % and b can be specified in AUTHORS.CODD
along with filenames, like so: 

    Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>  (foo.c:50%, bar.c:750b)

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land> / ... /Author

Author:: Lory <lory@wonder.land> /
 ...
 ... a block of code
 ...
/Author

This declaration can be used to indicate a particular block of code was
written by Lory. This statement can appear only in a source file.

=item Author:: Alice <alice@wonder.land>  Date:: 02/12/2001

A date attribute can accompany Author:: declarations to indicate when the
particular piece of code was written.

=head1 AUTHOR

Vipul Ved Prakash, E<lt>mail@vipul.netE<gt>

=cut


